CONTRIBUTING.md: Added section on comment commands (#16)
ACCESS-NRI/model-deployment-template: CONTRIBUTING.md

6. If there are any other changes required in that PR, simply commit changes to the `spack.yaml` to do a rebuild. For example, if one does more changes to the `MOM5` `development` branch that need to be incorporated, add in a comment to the `spack.yaml` noting the changes, and commit it.

**NOTE:** If required, when making modifications, verify that the versions of `spack` and `spack-packages` in [`config/versions.json`](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/ACCESS-OM2/blob/47bc7bf979c1dfa12a24272cb739117abc50d7ca/config/versions.json) are as required by use-case.

## Advanced Comment Commands

> The CI/CD pipeline can also take action based on "Comment Commands", which is a ChatOps-style interface for doing certain actions during a Pull Request.

Author: Done in https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/model-deployment-template/pull/16/commits/a69e071bc9056853a4a6fc43a8b97d283cefabb3

If the `CURRENT_YEAR.CURRENT_MONTH` portion is already taken, it is bumped to the next available month.

`!bump minor` bumps the model version to the next minor version, which is of the form `YEAR.MONTH.(X+1)`. For example, `2025.01.0` -> `2025.01.1`.

### `!redeploy` (since [`@v2`](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/build-cd/tree/v2))

> [!NOTE]
> Requires commenters to have at least `repo:write` on the repository.

#### Usage

```txt
!redeploy
```

#### Explanation

Convenience function that deploys the current `HEAD` of the PR branch again

This is most useful for models that are using `@git.BRANCH` references for versions of model dependencies. For example, say you have done the modifications from the [above `mom5` example](#example-modification-workflow-of-access-om2s-mom5-package), and it has deployed.

If you make further modifications to the `mom5` packages `development` branch (meaning it has a new `HEAD`), you would need the CI in the model deployment repository to fire again to pick up the new `HEAD` of the `mom5` `development` branch.

> To get the CI to fire, redeploying the current commit in the model deployment repository and picking up the changes in the `mom5` package, comment `!redeploy`. This redeployment will exist as a separate environment and module to the original deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To redeploy the model with all the current changes in the `mom5` repository, comment `!redeploy`. This forces the CI/CD job to re-run and the redeployment will exist as a separate environment and module to the original deployment.

This is a convenience function. Without this you would need to create a new commit to the pull request to force the CI/CD to run.
```

Reviewer: Would also be good to add a note/warning that it is up to the user to ensure their changes have been committed to their component repository. The `!redploy` will do just that. It does no checks to make sure it is deploying an different version of the model because it is referencing a branch, not a specific tag, so will build whatever is the `HEAD` of that branch.

Author: Applied suggestion, and completed the additional stuff in https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/model-deployment-template/pull/16/commits/a69e071bc9056853a4a6fc43a8b97d283cefabb3
